All.
In the last section we have completed the header part of the feed section.
In this section we are going to create the input section.
If you look at the final version of the project, you can see that.
Let me throw it.
We have a diff here.
That has an image on the left side.
Fact is this, Dave.
And then we have another div.
That is covering.
The input section and also the down section.
So this is an input.
And finally, we have another div that is having two icons from here icons.
And also we have at Button, the icons has the same hovering effect as we created here.
So we can use the same hover effect class for these icons as well for the inputs.
As you can see, we have a placeholder of what's happening.
And if you write something, you can see that this is a scrollable and also you can change the size
of this as well.
Okay.
Uh.
For the archive, opening the images and opening the emojis.
We will do it later.
We just now make the UI and for the image as well.
We have a hover of fact.
So just now we are making the UI after our projects.
Later we are going to add functionality to the project.
For the input section, we are going to create another component.
So let's go back to Visual Studio code and we keep open the localhost, 3000 on the right side.
Let's go to let's open the.
Explorer section using Control B and we create a new component and we call it input.
That.
Jesus.
We can use our C to create a react functional component.
We don't need this import react from React because we're using next year and let's import this and bring
it to index edges.
Let's close this sidebar.
And uh, now we need to add it to the that.
Yes, sorry.
So just after this dinner that we had our header.
Now we add the input component.
We can alter imported.
And we closed the attack.
If you refresh the page, we should see the input now.
The text that we are getting from here.
All right.
Let's start with the.
Inside this, dear.
First we add an image tag.
For the image here.
So I'm going to again use a static image, but later we're going to get this image from Google.
So.
As I can use this same image we were using for the sidebar.
This this image here.
So I can get it here so I can just right click and copy.
Image address.
So we get the image adverts again.
They're out.
The alternative text can be user image.
After the image, as I mentioned.
As I mentioned before, we have a.
Diff that is covering both the input and the bottom section.
So one input here and one diff there.
And also another diff that is covering the text area.
So here we added div and inside it's there we add another div.
And inside the div the second day we add the text area, we just say text.
Area.
You can use contour space too to add the auto import.
We don't need to name or I.D..
Also, we don't need columns for this one, but for the role we just choose.
Maybe two is enough.
So we can see it here in the text area.
You just add a placeholder and a placeholder would be what's happening?
Just.
As you can see here, we've got the place holder as well.
And let's style it later.
So after this, Dev.
We are going to have another day that is covering the hour images.
And also important, as you can see from the final version, these icons and also the button.
So we had the beer.
And first thing in the deer is the emojis.
But we put both of the emojis inside a diff because we want to use the Flexbox.
Bring them next to each other.
So we use another day for the icons.
And the icons we're going to use is photograph icon and also emoji happy icons.
So I can use.
Uh, if for two.
Photograph icon.
This one, we are getting the auto suggestion.
Let's close this.
You should see it now.
And the next icon is.
Emoji.
Happy outcome.
This one.
Let's make these emojis a smaller file and a dual curse.
It wasn't all.
I had a class name.
And we just set the height.
Maybe heights?
Yeah.
Heights.
We said it to be ten.
It's a bit bleak now, but I want to add padding.
So the padding is going to push it inside.
So that's just fine.
So you just add a width of tennis ball.
So later I'm going to style it.
Let's continue and finish and add the button as well.
I would like to always create everything first and then a silence.
So first here we add the button.
The button was just a tweet.
You can see everything now.
Let's just start styling our project first with a start.
This.
Haymitch and make it smaller.
So we add a class name for image and the.
We set the height and width to.
11.
Then we make it around it.
Actually, my image is rounded, but if you're using a square image.
You should make it rounded like this rounded form and we add a cursor pointer so we have a pointing
hand when we hover over the image.
And finally, when we hover over it, I want to change the brightness to be 95%.
So it becomes a little bit darker when we hover over it.
Yeah.
That was it for the image.
Let's bring everything next to each other.
So we in the above div, I add a class and I make the display flex.
So we bring everything next to each other.
And.
We add a border at the bottom.
So.
Bottom.
We have Australian cases.
We just need to say border be.
We can see it here.
Then we changed the colour of the border to.
Gray.
200.
To make it consistent for the above and other things.
Then we added padding of trees.
So we push everything inside like this and we add a space between there.
So we just see space.
Three can see the space between the image and these tanks.
And.
The other things we want to do.
I want to make this one to have the full size in from here.
We have it.
So, uh, in the div that is covering everything we just and the weight of all.
But still we cannot see the full week.
We need to add this with full to the class and text area as well as the text area.
We add a class name and we sit with to be full as well.
Now we see that this came until here.
For styling the text area.
I always recommend to install a package called.
At to CSF forms.
The address is this form package actually is going to package or we call it plug in.
And it's going to add a basic styling for forms in our project.
And when we are using our website in different browsers, we don't see a different shape or different
things.
Uh, I always, when I write, when I install this plug in, I never had any problem with the forms
because different browsers treat their forms in a different way.
So we in the Google, we search for Tilman CSF forms.
And in the search results, just skip the first one.
The second one is a GitHub repository and the name is Tailwind Labs.
Forest slash children's uses the ash forms.
So we click on this.
First we need to install it.
So we copy this NPN install code and we go here.
We stop the server using controversy.
And we pasted a link.
It pays to, quote, hear our press enter.
The next thing we need to do, we go to tailwind that convicted jazz and we add this plug in.
Here.
Inside the plug ins, we add this tailwind to this form.
So we copied this from required to the apprentices.
And we go to tell that conflict that J.S..
And inside the plug we paste the link.
Just require an inside of parenthesis and exit of.
Quote, We just write at Children's Justice for a slash form.
Now, if you start a server using an pin drawn diff, we should see a change inside the form.
Let's refresh the page.
Now we can see that we have a different form.
We have black borders and when we focus on the Yeah form by clicking on it easier border.
Change to blue.
So let's close this tailwind.
That conflict, that Jesus file and.
Let's continue a style our text area.
Next thinks we remove the border using border now.
So.
And then when I focus, I don't want to see this blue line as well.
So here we just save the focus.
And I want to ring around the border to be zero.
So now we don't see it anymore.
Let's change the, uh, like a font size.
And the.
And we just had text to be large.
And let's change the color of the place.
HOLDER So we're just a place holder.
And the set the color to be gray 700, which is a little bit darker.
And the.
I want this more space between the characters up there.
What's happening?
So we can use tracking.
White.
Just pay attention to.
It see a little bit space.
It's like a line, a spacing in the text, but for a placeholder, we just add tracking white.
And we set the mean heights of this.
To be 50 pixels.
This is the height from here to here.
And then let's add a border here.
So we separate it like this.
And the.
Before that.
Let's change the color of the text too.
So when we write something here.
Uh.
I want the text to be gray.
700.
Okay.
So that's it for this part.
Let's add this border at the bottom like the one we have in the final version.
This one.
I see it's moving to.
Uh, so we can do a trick here.
At.
Here.
Out of here.
We can add.
We just said divide.
So divide this part and this far.
In the Y axis.
And we set the colour of the divide to be.
Gray.
200.
Actually, we need to change.
We put this one.
Here in the top there.
Because we want to divide the area and the east of here.
So we should put it here so now we can see it.
And the.
I deleted that with full.
So that's fine.
This part.
So let's start styling this emoji.
The icons and the bond button.
As I mentioned before, we're going to use the same hover effect we added for the icons.
So for both of these.
We had a dual cursor and we add.
The hover effect.
Class.
Now.
We should see something behind when we hover over there.
And, uh, let's add some padding here.
So the padding would be two, which is eight pixels.
You can see it like that.
And I don't want the background color to be gray.
I want it to be a bluish color so we can use a color called a sky, which is similar to blue but is
different.
So you just say a.
First we change the colour of the icons by using text sky and the amount of the colour I want to use
is 500.
And for the background color.
So when we hover over it, I want the background color to be a sky.
But 100.
So it's like this.
Then I want the icons to be next to each other.
So here at the tip that is covering the icons, we changed the display to flex and we bring them.
Uh.
That is enough.
I want this button to be here.
So we change the displayed flags here as well.
And we bring them horizontally next to each other.
By using.
Sorry.
Vertically next to each other, using items.
Uh, we cannot see the result yet, because with the tweet, the button is still not styled.
But do you know that the intent center and justify a center is to bring the item inside a dif vertically
and horizontally center?
So we add the items center and we add justify justify between.
So push this one to the end.
And we had a pat patting tarp of 2.5.
So add some space between them and the top.
So everything is working.
Everything is nice for the icons and the input section.
Yes.
Refresh the page.
Let's install this button.
For the bottom.
We add a background color of blue.
400.
We changed the text to be white.
Let's add some.
Padding ex of four and padding y of 1.5.
Then we make it rounded using a rounded.
Full.
And let's change the text.
And to be bold by using font bold.
And finally we have we can just add a shadow effect by using shadow medium.
And for harboring effect.
I want the.
When we hover over it, I want to change the brightness to be 95% as we did before for other things.
The only thing left is when it's disabled.
Like in the final version, it's default is disabled.
But when you write something, we see it's enabled.
So the disabled.
A version is different.
So let's make the.
But tend to be disabled by default.
So we're just say disabled here.
Now it's disabled.
But the as you can see, the.
The styling is the same.
So for disabled we just say if disabled, I want, uh, let's change the capacity to be 50%.
So you can see the disabled is like this.
So let's remove the disabled for now.
But later we going to disable it dynamically based on the.
If someone upload the image or write something.
And we we see that.
We see it disabled.
All right.
But for now, we just leave it like this.
And that was it for the input section.
Let's add everything to GitHub, so we just take it at all.
And we just.
Commit.
iMessage and iMessage would be.
And.
The input.
Fiction.
Of.
The feed component.
So let's push this one to get up and we review what we have done so far.
So we refresh the page by just clicking on this tweeter.
Now we have five commands in our repository, and if you click on it, we can see the last one is at
the input section of the feed component.
In the end, we created inside the fetus.
We added the input.
Component and we created the input that JS component inside the components folder.
So we had an image for the user profile image and then we had.
At DIF that is covering the text area and also the icons on the bottom.
So yeah.
And also we have install tailwind thesis forums to make and to add the basic styling to the forms.
And we added this plug in to the tailwind that conflicts.
Yeah.
That was it for the input section in this.
In the next section we start creating the post area.
We create this post section.
First we create a dummy data for this using for the post section.
But later we're going to get all the post data dynamically from our database, which is Firebase.
So see in the next section.